fix: `import-name` options bugs and documentation (#882)
microsoft/tslint-microsoft-contrib: README.md

      </td>
      <td>
        The name of the imported module must match the name of the thing being imported. For special characters (<code>-</code>, <code>.</code>, <code>_</code>) remove them and make the following character uppercase.
        For example, it is valid to name imported modules the same as the module name: <code>import Service = require('./x/y/z/Service')</code> and <code>import Service from './x/y/z/Service'</code>.
        But it is invalid to change the name being imported, such as: <code>import MyCoolService = require('x/y/z/Service')</code> and <code>import MyCoolService from 'x/y/z/Service'</code>.
        When containing special characters such as <code>import $$ from 'my-awesome_library';</code> the corresponding configuration would look like <code>'import-name': [true, { 'myAwesomeLibrary': '$$' }]</code>.
        Since version 2.0.9 it is possible to configure this rule with a list of exceptions.
        The default is to ignore this rule for external modules <code>ignoreExternalModule: true</code> and to use camelCase <code>case: 'camelCase'</code>.

>         To not ignore this rule for external modules, add this configuration: <code>'import-name': [true, null, null, { ignoreExternalModule: false }]</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To apply this rule for external modules, add this configuration: <code>'import-name': [true, null, null, { ignoreExternalModule: false }]</code>.
```
